OSSM-8735 Document migration of different gateway deployments (#88648)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-migrating-gateways-in-place.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-migrating-gateways-in-place_{context}"]
= Gateway in place migration

> If you need less detailed control over your gateway migration, you can perform gateway in place migration. This method applies to namespaces with dedicated gateways, and to environments using a centralized gateway shared across multiple namespaces.

Reviewer: Possibly unnecessary comma here? Idk I'm not great with comma usage:
```suggestion
If you need less detailed control over your gateway migration, you can perform gateway in place migration. This method applies to namespaces with dedicated gateways and to environments using a centralized gateway shared across multiple namespaces.
```

[NOTE]
====

> The label for the gateway namespace differs between mulitenant and cluster-wide meshes. Return to the either the multitenant or cluster-wide migration guide to understand which labels to use in your specific migration case, and check if you need to remove the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The label for the gateway namespace differs between mulitenant and cluster-wide meshes. Return to the either the multitenant or cluster-wide migration guide to understand which labels to use in your specific migration case, and to understand why the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label is needed.
```

====
.Procedure

> . Run the following command to label the gateway namespace to ensure that gateway injection is enabled from the new mesh and add the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label:

Reviewer: Same suggestion as in the other procedure, for your consideration:
```suggestion
. Run the following command to label the gateway namespace and add the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label.
This ensures that gateway injection is enabled from the new mesh.
```

Author: We Slacked about this.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n <app_namespace> rollout restart deployment <gateway_name>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ oc label namespace <gateway_namespace> istio.io/rev=<istio_revision_name> maistra.io/ignore-namespace="true"
```

> $ $ oc label namespace <gateway_namespace> istio.io/rev=<istio_revision_name> maistra.io/ignore-namespace="true"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ oc label namespace <gateway_namespace> istio.io/rev=<istio_revision_name> maistra.io/ignore-namespace="true"
```

$ oc label namespace ${APP_NAMESPACE} istio.io/rev=${ISTIO_REVISION} maistra.io/ignore-namespace="true"
----

. Restart the gateway deployment by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n ${APP_NAMESPACE} rollout restart deployment ${GATEWAY_NAME}
----

.Verification

. Check that the gateway is running the new revision by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc `istioctl ps -n istio-ingress`
----

> . Test application-specific routes.

Reviewer 3: Can you please check with Dev if we can have an example command or step to add for test application-specific routes?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-migrating-gateways-in-place_{context}"]
= Gateway in place migration

If you need less detailed control over your gateway migration, you can perform gateway in place migration. This method applies to namespaces with dedicated gateways, and to environments using a centralized gateway shared across multiple namespaces.

[NOTE]
====
The label for the gateway namespace differs between mulitenant and cluster-wide meshes. To understand which labels to use in your specific migration case and the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label requirement, see the "Multitenant migration guide" or the "Cluster-wide migration guide" section.
====
.Procedure

. Run the following command to label the gateway namespace to ensure that gateway injection is enabled from the new mesh and add the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n <app_namespace> rollout restart deployment <gateway_name>
----
+

> This command also removes the `istio-injection=enabled` label, if needed.

Reviewer 2: This is not true. Where is the command above coming from? Probably some error in editing.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/migrating/migrating-gateways/ossm-migrating-gateways-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-migrating-gateways-in-place_{context}"]
= Gateway in place migration

Follow this procedure if less fine grained control is needed over your gateway migration. You can do the gateway migration in place. This applies to namespaces with dedicated gateways.

[NOTE]
====
The label for the gateway namespace differs between mulitenant and cluster-wide meshes. Return to the either the multitenant or cluster-wide migration guide to understand which labels to use in your specific migration case, and to see if the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label should be removed.
====

.Procedure

. Label the gateway namespace to ensure injection from the new mesh is enabled for the namespace.

> . Add the `maistra.io/ignore-namespace: "true"` label by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: It's imported to have all steps together, please follow what we have in the eng doc - https://github.com/openshift-service-mesh/sail-operator/blob/main/docs/ossm/ossm2-migration/gateway-migration.md#gateway-migration-guide
